{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\info
{\title \uc0\u1075 \u1088 \u1091 \u1089 \u1090 \u1085 \u1099 \u1081 \u1084 \u1091 \u1078 \u1080 \u1082 .com}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 How does it work? How to choose an interlocutor? Reviews \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
Are you feeling blue\
and in need of a safe haven? \
Just spit it out how exhausted you are. \
Feeling blue? \
Let\'92s talk \
Only 18+\
Too short\
Invalid e-mail\
Someone already has that email\
Confirm that you are over 18 years old\
and agree to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://meetemclub.com/content/view/privacy_and_security"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Privacy policy}} \
Let\'92s talk \
A good talk always works \
Everyone is just like you here and they share own issues with others \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Relax while having a light chat \
\
Vent if you\'92re feeling bad \
\
Ask and receive an advice \
\
Improve your socializing skills \
\
Get an outside perspective \
\
Discuss your problems and ask questions \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Let\'92s talk \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
Comfortable Interaction \
Girls from our site are available for talking at any time. They are all kind, compassionate and wise. Just choose a girl you would love to chat with and she will be there for you! \
800+\
girls \
1000+\
chat rooms \
1200+\
clients \
100%\
confidential \
Which Girl To Choose? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You can choose a topic you would like to discuss and the charming girls will help you. \
Each of them knows exactly what inspiring words to say in order to relieve your burden and give you a boost of energy. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
I like to come here and just relax \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93 I had a rough time at work. My girl\'92s workload had gotten too hectic as well, and I didn\'92t want to stress her with my problems even more. So I contacted one of the girls here and Christine and I had a nice satisfying chat. Opening up about my feelings and getting a valuable tip was really great!\'94 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Adam, 32, manager \
Better than visiting a shrink \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93 This is my salvation! When everything slips out of my hands, I come here and talk to Anne. She and I go far back and that is why she knows everything about me. I don\'92t need to leave the comfort of my home to get a fresh perspective and support. Each time after a good talk with my Anne I find tranquility and peace with myself.\'94 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Mike, 39, booker \
A perfect place to escape \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93 With everything that is happening today, sometimes I feel like I\'92m loosing it. Therefore, it was a great luck, when I stumbled upon this site. I\'92ve had to talk to a couple of girls to find the one I\'92m comfortable with. Ruby is such a sweetie: calm, smart, supportive. She\'92s my anchor, I value her advices and am really grateful for her help.\'94 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Dean, 30, accountant \
I have found peace here \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93 I was in a bad place. Troubles in personal life led to mishaps in other spheres and I felt like a failure. This is where I met my savior! She made me believe in myself, gave me strength and encouragement I needed so much. I\'92ve brushed up my communicating skills and you know what? I appeared to be quite a cool guy! Thanks to Lucy\'94 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Matt, 27, musician \
Hey, buddy \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In this stressful time lots of circumstances keep pushing us to the edge. Lack of sincerity, empathy and quiet moments can easily make one exhausted and depressed. \
If you\'92re feeling the weight of the world on your shoulders and desperately need to bare your soul, let our experts offer their support and give you a piece of advice. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2   \
They are ready to help you now \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 350 girls more \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Let\'92s talk \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\'a92020 \
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Privacy Policy \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
}